Angelica is a mother.
She has three children.
She goes to the doctor.
The doctor says, You are sick.
You have cancer.
You can live for three more months.
Angelica is sad.
She cries.
She thinks, I want to be happy.
I want to be with my children.
Angelica says, I want to eat good food.
She goes to a restaurant with her children.
She eats chicken.
She eats meat.
She drinks juice.
Her son says, Mom, this is too much.
Angelica says, Let me eat.
I want to be happy.
She says, Thank you, God, for my life.
Three months pass.
Angelica is still alive.
She goes to the park.
She plays with her children.
They laugh.
They are happy.
Her son says, Mom, you are not sick.
Angelica smiles.
She says, Maybe the sickness is not here now.
Angelica goes to the doctor again.
The doctor says, You are okay now.
Angelica is very happy.
She says, Thank you, God.
Her family is happy too.
They hug her.
They say, Let's help people.
Angelica and her children give food to people.
They give clothes too.
They are happy.
They help many people.
Angelica says, Helping is good.
I feel good.
Now Angelica has grandchildren.
They run, they play, they laugh.
Angelica smiles.
She says, Family is love.
She is happy every day.